[
    {
        "content": "<p>I am proposing we set up a group to evolve the wasi-nn specification together--what do you think? At WasmCon, I was amazed at how many people were using wasi-nn in one way or another. I have been holding back on certain changes I would like to make to the specification (see the <a href=\"https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-nn/issues\">issues</a>) out of concern that we leave some implementation behind or break some use case. If we create a group to communicate the changes, discuss them, and propose new ones, we can move the specification forward with a bit more consensus.</p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-nn/issues\" style=\"background-image: url(https\\:\\/\\/uploads\\.zulipusercontent\\.net\\/d7bc156c721f706806f6f035b316eab40c5101a6\\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f343961636264666537656238363031313831366163303933353862383535323763623333396231396133623232303634393032633661623638393639633733342f576562417373656d626c792f776173692d6e6e)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-nn/issues\" title=\"Issues · WebAssembly/wasi-nn\">Issues · WebAssembly/wasi-nn</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">Neural Network proposal for WASI. Contribute to WebAssembly/wasi-nn development by creating an account on GitHub.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 390969435,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694706060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"253990\">@fitzgen (he/him)</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"421591\">@Bailey Hayes</span> is this something that makes sense as a BA SIG? Can non-member groups attend?</p>",
        "id": 390969613,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694706113
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc: <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"268586\">@Ralph</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"474281\">@David Justice</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"269505\">@Radu Matei</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"512058\">@Angel M</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"268650\">@Wang Xin</span>, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"550229\">@Matthew Tamayo-Rios</span>... (searching for other people I talked to about this)</p>",
        "id": 390970121,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694706239
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, SOME group is required to discuss it and make more progress....</p>",
        "id": 390970485,
        "sender_full_name": "Ralph",
        "timestamp": 1694706353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>wasi subgroup is also an option, and maybe more appropriate? there is wasi-crypto as a precedent. BA's SIG is intended for incubating new projects.</p>",
        "id": 390975558,
        "sender_full_name": "Mingqiu Sun",
        "timestamp": 1694707916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>cc: <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"234973\">@Till Schneidereit</span></p>",
        "id": 390978953,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694709041
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If you want to schedule and hold wasi-nn meetings as a champion of the proposal you don’t need anyone’s permission, just go for it</p>",
        "id": 390983123,
        "sender_full_name": "Pat Hickey",
        "timestamp": 1694710513
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think if it's a group focused on implementation then it totally makes sense as a SIG in the BA. Growing the standards within the WebAssembly org should continue in GitHub issues of wasi-nn and community updates in the WASI SG.</p>",
        "id": 390990160,
        "sender_full_name": "Bailey Hayes",
        "timestamp": 1694713309
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just to put all the discussion in one place: in the Wasmtime meeting, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"253990\">@fitzgen (he/him)</span> made some comments about how if it's spec-related it could be a W3C meeting and implementation-related it could be a SIG. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"234973\">@Till Schneidereit</span> made a good case for it being a BA SIG, IIRC saying that would fit the \"gather users, implementors, designers\" goal better.</p>",
        "id": 390998366,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694716733
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>But <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"253992\">@Pat Hickey</span> is right in that this can just be informal as well. I guess one thing I'm looking for here is: who is truly interested in participating?</p>",
        "id": 390998445,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694716778
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>(one other <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"234973\">@Till Schneidereit</span> thought: if it is a SIG, it would be a \"machine learning SIG,\" not exclusively focused on wasi-nn as it exists today)</p>",
        "id": 390998620,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1694716847
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No less informal to have it be under the WASI subgroup, just puts it in WASI instead of BA. Doesn’t matter to me though</p>",
        "id": 390998621,
        "sender_full_name": "Pat Hickey",
        "timestamp": 1694716849
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I would like to be included in whatever form the group takes.</p>",
        "id": 391000207,
        "sender_full_name": "Justin J. Janes",
        "timestamp": 1694717518
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"254110\">@Andrew Brown</span> count me in!</p>",
        "id": 391009517,
        "sender_full_name": "Steve Schoettler",
        "timestamp": 1694721574
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>+1 for having a group to discuss and work on WASI-NN. I'm not familiar with the differences between WASI group, BA SIG or informal group, so +1 to any option. Really happy to participate on it and thank you <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"254110\">@Andrew Brown</span> for pinging me on the thread <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span> </p>\n<p>cc <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"427074\">@Rafael Fernández López</span></p>",
        "id": 391021760,
        "sender_full_name": "Angel M",
        "timestamp": 1694727391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Interested as well, thanks for the initiative <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"254110\">@Andrew Brown</span> :)</p>",
        "id": 391026424,
        "sender_full_name": "Rafael Fernández López",
        "timestamp": 1694730055
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>+1 for a WASI-NN SIG.</p>",
        "id": 391055433,
        "sender_full_name": "Wang Xin",
        "timestamp": 1694743788
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Finally  coming back to this. Def SIG, as the wasi-nn proposal itself does not encompass all the NN usage we expect to and some of us want to see. Whether ONLY wasi-nn evolves or other \"nn\" proposals appear -- all of that would be good fodder for the SIG, I would think!</p>",
        "id": 391677107,
        "sender_full_name": "Ralph",
        "timestamp": 1695036244
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I will participate in whatever form it takes. I think having a SIG and W3C/GitHub split as Andrew suggested would be ideal as not all SIG topics may impact spec and spec discussions tend to have their own idiosyncratic concerns.</p>",
        "id": 391841263,
        "sender_full_name": "Matthew Tamayo-Rios",
        "timestamp": 1695106110
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like there is interest so let's meet: if you're interested in being involved, please fill in your availability: <a href=\"https://whenisgood.net/igx7z3a\">https://whenisgood.net/igx7z3a</a>. I am predisposed to scheduling this on Tuesday, Oct. 3rd at 9am Pacific but let me know what works for you (message me if the slots don't work for you, e.g., timezone issues).</p>",
        "id": 391964115,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1695145693
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>At that meeting I will have (a) more of this SIG process figured out and (b) some key issues to discuss re: wasi-nn. Please bring any questions, focus areas, implementation updates, etc. and we can try to fit things in. At that meeting we'll also decide on a cadence for the meeting but I'm currently thinking every two weeks.</p>",
        "id": 391964515,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1695145828
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, I sent out invites for the first meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 3rd at 9am Pacific. If you didn't receive an invite but want one, please message me your e-mail address.</p>",
        "id": 394017844,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1696029738
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just a reminder that this first meeting is kicking off in 5 minutes</p>",
        "id": 394664448,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1696348584
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>grabbing headset</p>",
        "id": 394665003,
        "sender_full_name": "Ralph",
        "timestamp": 1696348755
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks to all for the participation at the working group: I created a new repository to house the meeting details and notes &mdash; <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasm-ml-meetings\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasm-ml-meetings</a>.</p>",
        "id": 394925255,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1696458284
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I did realize after the fact that a 3 week cadence would conflict on certain weeks with the WebAssembly CG meeting; to avoid that, I propose we meet every two weeks (at least initially) so the next meeting would be on Oct. 17th. Let me know what you think of this change.</p>",
        "id": 394925440,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1696458390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Are these meetings recorded by chance? Would be nice to catch up on them async.</p>",
        "id": 396988269,
        "sender_full_name": "Justin J. Janes",
        "timestamp": 1697496662
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"650234\">@Justin J. Janes</span>, I think you should be able to see the transcripts if you were invited to the meeting (they're embedded in the Teams stream).</p>",
        "id": 397139440,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1697558137
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just a reminder for everyone else: this meeting is kicking off in 5 minutes</p>",
        "id": 397139532,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1697558162
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm overbooked today. Apologies all around, but commanded by management and all that....</p>",
        "id": 397140081,
        "sender_full_name": "Ralph",
        "timestamp": 1697558349
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Heads up: we're meeting today in 15 minutes!</p>",
        "id": 402026535,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1699980287
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We are meeting today in ~45 minutes. Some last minute agenda items: a couple of issues raised by Stuart and a discussion about changing the meeting time due to a conflict with the Wasm CG.</p>",
        "id": 404669157,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1701187981
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, for those who did not attend today: we need to find a new time slot for the meeting to avoid a conflict with the new Wasm threads subgroup. Please indicate your preference in this poll: <a href=\"https://whenisgood.net/g255z5j\">https://whenisgood.net/g255z5j</a></p>",
        "id": 404689069,
        "sender_full_name": "Andrew Brown",
        "timestamp": 1701194723
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not WASM specifically but an approach taken by Mozilla to navigate mutli-OS/ARCH for llama inferences <a href=\"https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile\">https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile\" style=\"background-image: url(https\\:\\/\\/uploads\\.zulipusercontent\\.net\\/34557a2cb94c1b9f6aba51fdfce6acf8efef3b90\\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f346533313765653436326337386163623966313632663836393033616666623861316431333339326635636435623264313536333862653937383532666536372f4d6f7a696c6c612d4f63686f2f6c6c616d6166696c65)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile\" title=\"GitHub - Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile: Distribute and run LLMs with a single file.\">GitHub - Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile: Distribute and run LLMs with a single file.</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">Distribute and run LLMs with a single file. Contribute to Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile development by creating an account on GitHub.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 408053096,
        "sender_full_name": "Justin J. Janes",
        "timestamp": 1702590806
    }
]