[
    {
        "content": "<p>I've checked the <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/pull/25\">PR link</a> on the website as well as <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/registry/blob/main/docs/specification.md\">specification file</a> in the implementation repo.<br>\nThe former looks abandoned and the latter is empty.<br>\nWhere does the work on the specification happens right now? I'm interested in design decision discussions and participating</p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/pull/25\" style=\"background-image: url(https\\:\\/\\/uploads\\.zulipusercontent\\.net\\/3d55a2260ac5bd387a50d3aa00e21d6d2d5dfb47\\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f633437353337656338613361613766663164646464646265396364346334663961343630313533396636373539643434356534346639643931323638353839392f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f5349472d526567697374726965732f70756c6c2f3235)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/pull/25\" title=\"Log-Based Registry: phase 1 proposal by esoterra 路 Pull Request #25 路 bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries\">Log-Based Registry: phase 1 proposal by esoterra 路 Pull Request #25 路 bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">Rendered\nI've worked with @npmccallum and @lann to combine their sketches into a unified phase 1 proposal for a log-based registry. The Open Questions section contains a number of remaining decisio...</div></div></div>",
        "id": 395572717,
        "sender_full_name": "Igor Morozov",
        "timestamp": 1696795596
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Docs are quite sparse right now. You can find some specification info in the <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/registry/blob/cbcaaf6f17d386bfc0e6d660586d0b3f0b15ca5d/crates/server/openapi.yaml\">Open API</a> doc and the <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/registry/tree/cbcaaf6f17d386bfc0e6d660586d0b3f0b15ca5d/proto\">protobufs</a>. Beyond that we're mostly iterating on the design through PRs to the reference implementation. Formal specification is a goal but we haven't had the resources to dedicate to it.</p>\n<p>Most of the design discussions are happening in meetings or in the GitHub discussions pages. You can find our meeting info and notes in the <a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/tree/main/sig-registries\">meetings repo</a></p>",
        "id": 395928160,
        "sender_full_name": "Robin Brown",
        "timestamp": 1696958797
    }
]