[
    {
        "content": "<p>Please respond to this poll or at least consider your position on this before Wednesday's SIG Registry meeting:<br>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46\" style=\"background-image: url(https\\:\\/\\/uploads\\.zulipusercontent\\.net\\/255d740f1cd13ef4f2058f0ea6331720def2e49e\\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f376637303761363264343263643663653136396230303032326661663061393830666633326435343537656333376330366132336364643961356161373334652f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f5349472d526567697374726965732f64697363757373696f6e732f3436)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46\" title=\"recording SIG Registries meetings 路 Discussion #46 路 bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries\">recording SIG Registries meetings 路 Discussion #46 路 bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">In the last SIG Registry meeting, we discussed the idea of recording meetings. Many organizations that develop around open source communities consider recording meetings part of developing in the o...</div></div></div>",
        "id": 316824002,
        "sender_full_name": "Bailey Hayes",
        "timestamp": 1671481103
    }
]