<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Poll/Discussion for recording meetings · warg · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/352111-warg/index.html">warg</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/352111-warg/topic/Poll.2FDiscussion.20for.20recording.20meetings.html">Poll/Discussion for recording meetings</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="316824002"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/352111-warg/topic/Poll/Discussion%20for%20recording%20meetings/near/316824002" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bailey Hayes <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/352111-warg/topic/Poll.2FDiscussion.20for.20recording.20meetings.html#316824002">(Dec 19 2022 at 20:18)</a>:</h4>
<p>Please respond to this poll or at least consider your position on this before Wednesday's SIG Registry meeting:<br>
<a href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46</a></p>
<div class="message_embed"><a class="message_embed_image" href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46" style="background-image: url(https\:\/\/uploads\.zulipusercontent\.net\/255d740f1cd13ef4f2058f0ea6331720def2e49e\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f376637303761363264343263643663653136396230303032326661663061393830666633326435343537656333376330366132336364643961356161373334652f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f5349472d526567697374726965732f64697363757373696f6e732f3436)"></a><div class="data-container"><div class="message_embed_title"><a href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries/discussions/46" title="recording SIG Registries meetings · Discussion #46 · bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries">recording SIG Registries meetings · Discussion #46 · bytecodealliance/SIG-Registries</a></div><div class="message_embed_description">In the last SIG Registry meeting, we discussed the idea of recording meetings. Many organizations that develop around open source communities consider recording meetings part of developing in the o...</div></div></div>



<hr><p>Last updated: Jan 20 2025 at 06:04 UTC</p>
</html>