<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>Meetings Moving to Biweekly · SIG Documentation · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/426461-SIG-Documentation/index.html">SIG Documentation</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/426461-SIG-Documentation/topic/Meetings.20Moving.20to.20Biweekly.html">Meetings Moving to Biweekly</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="429896402"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/426461-SIG%20Documentation/topic/Meetings%20Moving%20to%20Biweekly/near/429896402" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Kate Goldenring <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/426461-SIG-Documentation/topic/Meetings.20Moving.20to.20Biweekly.html#429896402">(Mar 27 2024 at 16:07)</a>:</h4>
<p>Now that we are ramped up, we decided in the meeting this morning to move to meeting every other week. Our next meeting will be April 10th. Here is the new calendar cadence ICS to import: <br>
<a href="/user_uploads/15107/CRoq_96pYgdk0ygT99zwJpAR/SIG-docs-meetings.ics">SIG-docs-meetings.ics</a></p>



<a name="445407351"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/426461-SIG%20Documentation/topic/Meetings%20Moving%20to%20Biweekly/near/445407351" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bailey Hayes <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/426461-SIG-Documentation/topic/Meetings.20Moving.20to.20Biweekly.html#445407351">(Jun 18 2024 at 16:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Will the meeting tomorrow be cancelled? I know many folks are OOO for the US holiday</p>



<a name="445444411"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/426461-SIG%20Documentation/topic/Meetings%20Moving%20to%20Biweekly/near/445444411" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Kate Goldenring <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/426461-SIG-Documentation/topic/Meetings.20Moving.20to.20Biweekly.html#445444411">(Jun 18 2024 at 19:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>At Fermyon, we are observing Juneteenth. Since we do not have any agenda items. Let's cancel this next meeting. I'll remove the instance from meeting notes.</p>



<a name="445445984"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/426461-SIG%20Documentation/topic/Meetings%20Moving%20to%20Biweekly/near/445445984" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Kate Goldenring <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/426461-SIG-Documentation/topic/Meetings.20Moving.20to.20Biweekly.html#445445984">(Jun 18 2024 at 19:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>Updated the docs (<a href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/331">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/331</a>) and canceled the zoom instance</p>
<div class="message_embed"><a class="message_embed_image" href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/331" style="background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/6f71a38f230f143540d7e85569bf2199652462b2/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f313264656432323935366635316539633839346638643066393436613666333839313265393934366236373466636635346638373438313633623138313734352f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e67732f70756c6c2f333331&quot;)"></a><div class="data-container"><div class="message_embed_title"><a href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/331" title="Cancel June 18th SIG Docs meeting by kate-goldenring · Pull Request #331 · bytecodealliance/meetings">Cancel June 18th SIG Docs meeting by kate-goldenring · Pull Request #331 · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class="message_embed_description">Contribute to bytecodealliance/meetings development by creating an account on GitHub.</div></div></div>



<hr><p>Last updated: Jan 20 2025 at 06:04 UTC</p>
</html>