[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey all, figured we might want a long-lived topic for the JS subgroup somewhere. </p>\n<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"553681\">@Guy Bedford</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"268586\">@Ralph</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"617931\">@Dirk Bäumer</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"411395\">@Saúl Cabrera</span> </p>\n<p>The notes PR from today is here:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397</a></p>\n<p>Docs here:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/a21f2c3b1ec23e1e63073a86a31430a01843c17f/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f303637376664616264613238393132663837353436316465353962323939653061653230663262356632316130313065353637346264623632633666666435352f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e67732f70756c6c2f333937&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/397\" title=\"meetings(sig-guest-js): add meeting 2024/08/22 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #397 · bytecodealliance/meetings\">meetings(sig-guest-js): add meeting 2024/08/22 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #397 · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</div></div></div><div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/31555cbd7ba1ba16b3542959bc1165f1faf7d983/68747470733a2f2f6c68372d75732e676f6f676c6575736572636f6e74656e742e636f6d2f646f63732f41486b6277794c49746f684263493958544f72756f623939795771676d4d4d745950594c495637507a46707765422d697877415564723553795752784550675039463643674830595457426b54384f6663767a73705a5855395a31676b6871746559477571665155494a61766931327579645f67436e4f4a3d77313230302d683633302d70&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_enk-oue7pCgR6SKMACAUTS88_ut5V92e35wW1MOeBE/edit\" title=\"Notes - JavaScript subgroup (BA Guest Languages SIG)\">Notes - JavaScript subgroup (BA Guest Languages SIG)</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">|  Attendees:          Notes JCO New release for updated wasmtime (https://github.com/bytecodealliance/jco/releases/tag/1.4.4) Guy: are we generating types for deprecated gate? We might need an extra flag for this to ensure that it can be excluded Guy: Other than that, mostly bugfixes, s...</div></div></div>",
        "id": 464120821,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1724261559
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Basically, the meeting notes <em>should</em> match what's in the PR -- though it should have been GDocs -&gt; Github, will try to remember to do that flow next time.</p>",
        "id": 464121129,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1724261671
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks for keeping on top of the notes today! And that was super quick on the posting, approved.</p>",
        "id": 464121192,
        "sender_full_name": "Guy Bedford",
        "timestamp": 1724261699
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No problem! Yeah if anyone has any changes, please feel free to make them -- or just leave a comment (here or there) and I'll make them</p>",
        "id": 464121603,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1724261859
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>thanks!</p>",
        "id": 464131630,
        "sender_full_name": "Ralph",
        "timestamp": 1724264468
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Meetings notes from the latest meeting -- thanks to everyone who dropped in:</p>\n<p><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445\">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_embed\"><a class=\"message_embed_image\" href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445\" style=\"background-image: url(&quot;https://uploads.zulipusercontent.net/dbbddc276fc64bad39f48bfaaa1a303494320920/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f616238363033393263363036366132343635383336643263373836316138616438326664346435383763353831383033333466663036333236613566376237342f62797465636f6465616c6c69616e63652f6d656574696e67732f70756c6c2f343435&quot;)\"></a><div class=\"data-container\"><div class=\"message_embed_title\"><a href=\"https://github.com/bytecodealliance/meetings/pull/445\" title=\"meetings(js): add meeting notes for 2024/10/16 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #445 · bytecodealliance/meetings\">meetings(js): add meeting notes for 2024/10/16 by vados-cosmonic · Pull Request #445 · bytecodealliance/meetings</a></div><div class=\"message_embed_description\">We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously.</div></div></div>",
        "id": 477252363,
        "sender_full_name": "Victor Adossi",
        "timestamp": 1729095004
    }
]