<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>The first Go subgroup meeting · SIG-Guest-Languages · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/index.html">SIG-Guest-Languages</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The.20first.20Go.20subgroup.20meeting.html">The first Go subgroup meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="386005463"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The%20first%20Go%20subgroup%20meeting/near/386005463" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mossaka (Joe) <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The.20first.20Go.20subgroup.20meeting.html#386005463">(Aug 18 2023 at 23:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>The first Go subgroup will be meeting at <time datetime="2023-08-29T22:00:00Z">2023-08-29T15:00:00-07:00</time>. Invitation will be sent to everyone who expressed interests in this subgroup. I will do a presentation on the current state of the wit-bindgen-go and various proposals (e.g. issues #612, #640 and #614). We will vote and make decisions on what approaches to adopt, and call for actions!</p>



<a name="388073259"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The%20first%20Go%20subgroup%20meeting/near/388073259" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> backkem <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The.20first.20Go.20subgroup.20meeting.html#388073259">(Aug 30 2023 at 10:06)</a>:</h4>
<p>Informative session (I just watched the recording). I'd love to help out the Go support where I can.<br>
One topic that I think warrants some discussion is around component model support by the mainline Go compiler. I think the Go guest language subgroup is probably well placed to guide adoption there. It'll take many small steps like <a href="https://github.com/golang/go/issues/59149">golang/go#59149</a> to get this sorted. We should map out what is needed and come up with strong proposals accordingly.</p>
<div class="message_embed"><a class="message_embed_image" href="https://github.com/golang/go/issues/59149" style="background-image: url(https\:\/\/uploads\.zulipusercontent\.net\/743d6e72cb3d1a2721035493f6a3f45ebfb65fd8\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f396562663338313639306565373839343039616366323963323832323536633439353735306234633863356466643539666536333662633464646134643464612f676f6c616e672f676f2f6973737565732f3539313439)"></a><div class="data-container"><div class="message_embed_title"><a href="https://github.com/golang/go/issues/59149" title="cmd/compile: allow the use of go:wasmimport globally · Issue #59149 · golang/go">cmd/compile: allow the use of go:wasmimport globally · Issue #59149 · golang/go</a></div><div class="message_embed_description">Background #38248 defined a new compiler directive, go:wasmimport, for declaring a dependency on a function provided by the runtime environment. It also defined a restriction on the use of this com...</div></div></div>



<a name="388394193"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The%20first%20Go%20subgroup%20meeting/near/388394193" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mossaka (Joe) <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/394175-SIG-Guest-Languages/topic/The.20first.20Go.20subgroup.20meeting.html#388394193">(Aug 31 2023 at 19:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hey <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="635483">@backkem</span>, yes one major goal of subgroup is to figure out supporting component model by Go compiler in the Preview 2 timeframe. </p>
<blockquote>
<p>It'll take many small steps like <a href="https://github.com/golang/go/issues/59149">golang/go#59149</a> to get this sorted. We should map out what is needed and come up with strong proposals accordingly.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>I believe this is on <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="636204">@Achille Roussel</span> 's radar. I will add this item to future topics.</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Jan 20 2025 at 06:04 UTC</p>
</html>