<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>SIG? · wasi-nn · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/index.html">wasi-nn</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html">SIG?</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="390969435"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390969435" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390969435">(Sep 14 2023 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I am proposing we set up a group to evolve the wasi-nn specification together--what do you think? At WasmCon, I was amazed at how many people were using wasi-nn in one way or another. I have been holding back on certain changes I would like to make to the specification (see the <a href="https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-nn/issues">issues</a>) out of concern that we leave some implementation behind or break some use case. If we create a group to communicate the changes, discuss them, and propose new ones, we can move the specification forward with a bit more consensus.</p>
<div class="message_embed"><a class="message_embed_image" href="https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-nn/issues" style="background-image: url(https\:\/\/uploads\.zulipusercontent\.net\/d7bc156c721f706806f6f035b316eab40c5101a6\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f343961636264666537656238363031313831366163303933353862383535323763623333396231396133623232303634393032633661623638393639633733342f576562417373656d626c792f776173692d6e6e)"></a><div class="data-container"><div class="message_embed_title"><a href="https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-nn/issues" title="Issues · WebAssembly/wasi-nn">Issues · WebAssembly/wasi-nn</a></div><div class="message_embed_description">Neural Network proposal for WASI. Contribute to WebAssembly/wasi-nn development by creating an account on GitHub.</div></div></div>



<a name="390969613"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390969613" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390969613">(Sep 14 2023 at 15:41)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="253990">@fitzgen (he/him)</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="421591">@Bailey Hayes</span> is this something that makes sense as a BA SIG? Can non-member groups attend?</p>



<a name="390970121"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390970121" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390970121">(Sep 14 2023 at 15:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc: <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="268586">@Ralph</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="474281">@David Justice</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="269505">@Radu Matei</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="512058">@Angel M</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="268650">@Wang Xin</span>, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="550229">@Matthew Tamayo-Rios</span>... (searching for other people I talked to about this)</p>



<a name="390970485"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390970485" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ralph <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390970485">(Sep 14 2023 at 15:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, SOME group is required to discuss it and make more progress....</p>



<a name="390975558"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390975558" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Mingqiu Sun <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390975558">(Sep 14 2023 at 16:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>wasi subgroup is also an option, and maybe more appropriate? there is wasi-crypto as a precedent. BA's SIG is intended for incubating new projects.</p>



<a name="390978953"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390978953" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390978953">(Sep 14 2023 at 16:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>cc: <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="234973">@Till Schneidereit</span></p>



<a name="390983123"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390983123" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pat Hickey <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390983123">(Sep 14 2023 at 16:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>If you want to schedule and hold wasi-nn meetings as a champion of the proposal you don’t need anyone’s permission, just go for it</p>



<a name="390990160"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390990160" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Bailey Hayes <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390990160">(Sep 14 2023 at 17:41)</a>:</h4>
<p>I think if it's a group focused on implementation then it totally makes sense as a SIG in the BA. Growing the standards within the WebAssembly org should continue in GitHub issues of wasi-nn and community updates in the WASI SG.</p>



<a name="390998366"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390998366" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390998366">(Sep 14 2023 at 18:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just to put all the discussion in one place: in the Wasmtime meeting, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="253990">@fitzgen (he/him)</span> made some comments about how if it's spec-related it could be a W3C meeting and implementation-related it could be a SIG. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="234973">@Till Schneidereit</span> made a good case for it being a BA SIG, IIRC saying that would fit the "gather users, implementors, designers" goal better.</p>



<a name="390998445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390998445" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390998445">(Sep 14 2023 at 18:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>But <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="253992">@Pat Hickey</span> is right in that this can just be informal as well. I guess one thing I'm looking for here is: who is truly interested in participating?</p>



<a name="390998620"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390998620" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390998620">(Sep 14 2023 at 18:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>(one other <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="234973">@Till Schneidereit</span> thought: if it is a SIG, it would be a "machine learning SIG," not exclusively focused on wasi-nn as it exists today)</p>



<a name="390998621"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/390998621" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Pat Hickey <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#390998621">(Sep 14 2023 at 18:40)</a>:</h4>
<p>No less informal to have it be under the WASI subgroup, just puts it in WASI instead of BA. Doesn’t matter to me though</p>



<a name="391000207"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391000207" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Justin J. Janes <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391000207">(Sep 14 2023 at 18:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I would like to be included in whatever form the group takes.</p>



<a name="391009517"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391009517" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Steve Schoettler <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391009517">(Sep 14 2023 at 19:59)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="254110">@Andrew Brown</span> count me in!</p>



<a name="391021760"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391021760" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Angel M <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391021760">(Sep 14 2023 at 21:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>+1 for having a group to discuss and work on WASI-NN. I'm not familiar with the differences between WASI group, BA SIG or informal group, so +1 to any option. Really happy to participate on it and thank you <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="254110">@Andrew Brown</span> for pinging me on the thread <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span> </p>
<p>cc <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="427074">@Rafael Fernández López</span></p>



<a name="391026424"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391026424" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Rafael Fernández López <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391026424">(Sep 14 2023 at 22:20)</a>:</h4>
<p>Interested as well, thanks for the initiative <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="254110">@Andrew Brown</span> :)</p>



<a name="391055433"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391055433" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Wang Xin <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391055433">(Sep 15 2023 at 02:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>+1 for a WASI-NN SIG.</p>



<a name="391677107"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391677107" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ralph <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391677107">(Sep 18 2023 at 11:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Finally  coming back to this. Def SIG, as the wasi-nn proposal itself does not encompass all the NN usage we expect to and some of us want to see. Whether ONLY wasi-nn evolves or other "nn" proposals appear -- all of that would be good fodder for the SIG, I would think!</p>



<a name="391841263"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391841263" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Matthew Tamayo-Rios <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391841263">(Sep 19 2023 at 06:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I will participate in whatever form it takes. I think having a SIG and W3C/GitHub split as Andrew suggested would be ideal as not all SIG topics may impact spec and spec discussions tend to have their own idiosyncratic concerns.</p>



<a name="391964115"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391964115" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391964115">(Sep 19 2023 at 17:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds like there is interest so let's meet: if you're interested in being involved, please fill in your availability: <a href="https://whenisgood.net/igx7z3a">https://whenisgood.net/igx7z3a</a>. I am predisposed to scheduling this on Tuesday, Oct. 3rd at 9am Pacific but let me know what works for you (message me if the slots don't work for you, e.g., timezone issues).</p>



<a name="391964515"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/391964515" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#391964515">(Sep 19 2023 at 17:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>At that meeting I will have (a) more of this SIG process figured out and (b) some key issues to discuss re: wasi-nn. Please bring any questions, focus areas, implementation updates, etc. and we can try to fit things in. At that meeting we'll also decide on a cadence for the meeting but I'm currently thinking every two weeks.</p>



<a name="394017844"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/394017844" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#394017844">(Sep 29 2023 at 23:22)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok, I sent out invites for the first meeting on Tuesday, Oct. 3rd at 9am Pacific. If you didn't receive an invite but want one, please message me your e-mail address.</p>



<a name="394664448"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/394664448" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#394664448">(Oct 03 2023 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just a reminder that this first meeting is kicking off in 5 minutes</p>



<a name="394665003"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/394665003" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ralph <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#394665003">(Oct 03 2023 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>grabbing headset</p>



<a name="394925255"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/394925255" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#394925255">(Oct 04 2023 at 22:24)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks to all for the participation at the working group: I created a new repository to house the meeting details and notes &mdash; <a href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasm-ml-meetings">https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasm-ml-meetings</a>.</p>



<a name="394925440"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/394925440" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#394925440">(Oct 04 2023 at 22:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>I did realize after the fact that a 3 week cadence would conflict on certain weeks with the WebAssembly CG meeting; to avoid that, I propose we meet every two weeks (at least initially) so the next meeting would be on Oct. 17th. Let me know what you think of this change.</p>



<a name="396988269"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/396988269" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Justin J. Janes <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#396988269">(Oct 16 2023 at 22:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>Are these meetings recorded by chance? Would be nice to catch up on them async.</p>



<a name="397139440"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/397139440" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#397139440">(Oct 17 2023 at 15:55)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="650234">@Justin J. Janes</span>, I think you should be able to see the transcripts if you were invited to the meeting (they're embedded in the Teams stream).</p>



<a name="397139532"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/397139532" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#397139532">(Oct 17 2023 at 15:56)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just a reminder for everyone else: this meeting is kicking off in 5 minutes</p>



<a name="397140081"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/397140081" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Ralph <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#397140081">(Oct 17 2023 at 15:59)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm overbooked today. Apologies all around, but commanded by management and all that....</p>



<a name="402026535"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/402026535" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#402026535">(Nov 14 2023 at 16:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Heads up: we're meeting today in 15 minutes!</p>



<a name="404669157"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/404669157" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#404669157">(Nov 28 2023 at 16:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>We are meeting today in ~45 minutes. Some last minute agenda items: a couple of issues raised by Stuart and a discussion about changing the meeting time due to a conflict with the Wasm CG.</p>



<a name="404689069"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/404689069" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Andrew Brown <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#404689069">(Nov 28 2023 at 18:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>Ok, for those who did not attend today: we need to find a new time slot for the meeting to avoid a conflict with the new Wasm threads subgroup. Please indicate your preference in this poll: <a href="https://whenisgood.net/g255z5j">https://whenisgood.net/g255z5j</a></p>



<a name="408053096"></a>
<h4><a href="https://bytecodealliance.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG%3F/near/408053096" class="zl"><img src="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Justin J. Janes <a href="https://bytecodealliance.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/266558-wasi-nn/topic/SIG.3F.html#408053096">(Dec 14 2023 at 21:53)</a>:</h4>
<p>Not WASM specifically but an approach taken by Mozilla to navigate mutli-OS/ARCH for llama inferences <a href="https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile">https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile</a></p>
<div class="message_embed"><a class="message_embed_image" href="https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile" style="background-image: url(https\:\/\/uploads\.zulipusercontent\.net\/34557a2cb94c1b9f6aba51fdfce6acf8efef3b90\/68747470733a2f2f6f70656e67726170682e6769746875626173736574732e636f6d2f346533313765653436326337386163623966313632663836393033616666623861316431333339326635636435623264313536333862653937383532666536372f4d6f7a696c6c612d4f63686f2f6c6c616d6166696c65)"></a><div class="data-container"><div class="message_embed_title"><a href="https://github.com/Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile" title="GitHub - Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile: Distribute and run LLMs with a single file.">GitHub - Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile: Distribute and run LLMs with a single file.</a></div><div class="message_embed_description">Distribute and run LLMs with a single file. Contribute to Mozilla-Ocho/llamafile development by creating an account on GitHub.</div></div></div>



<hr><p>Last updated: Jan 20 2025 at 06:04 UTC</p>
</html>